map, xerite
apple, alma
love, sevgi
peace, sulh
war, muharibe
care, qaygi
magical, sehirli
incredible, inanilmaz
advantage, ustunluk
adventure, macera
author, muellif
awful, dehsetli
candidate, namized
catch, tutmaq
commitment, ohdelik
comprehensive, herterefli
concerned, narahat
conviction, mehkumluq
creative, yaradici
criticism, tenqid
crowd, izdiham
darkness, qaranliq
desperate, umidsiz
distinction, ferq
divide, bolmek
dry, quru
embrace, qucaqlamaq
emergency, tecili
emphasize, vurgulamaq
encourage, heveslendirmek
exhibition, sergi
expectation, gozlenti
extraordinary, qeyri-adi
galaxy, qalaktika
heritage, irs
immediately, derhal
intelligence, kesfiyyat
investigation, istintaq
justice, edalet
knowledge, bilik
landscape, menzere
load, yuk
lovely, sevimli
manufacturing, istehsal
majority, coxluq
mutual, qarsiliqli
opportunity, furset
opposition, muxalifet
peak, zirve
predict, proqnozlasdirmaq
preference, ustunluk
priority, prioritet
prominent, gorkemli
prosecutor, ittihamci
protection, mudafie
reaction, reaksiya
reasonable, aglabatan
recognition, taninma
reduce, azaltmaq
refugee, qacqin
remarkable, elametdar
routine, rutin
sacred, muqeddes
satisfaction, memnunluq
scholarship, teqaud
scientist, alim
sensitive, hessas
significantly, ehemiyyetli
skill, bacariq
slice, dilim
solid, mohkem
stability, sabitlik
stranger, yad
stupid, axmaq
target, hedef
temporary, muveqqeti
time, vaxt
totally, tamamile
tragedy, facie
various, muxtelif
warning, xeberdarliq
writer, yazici
wisdom, mudriklik
wave, dalga
visible, gorunen
unknown, namelum
unique, unikal
transition, kecid
tradition, enene
tournament, turnir
territory, erazi
suspect, subheli
strip, zolaq
spiritual, menevi
soon, tezlikle
passion, ehtiras
option, secim
negotiation, danisiqlar
musician, musiqici
motivation, motivasiya